# This file is generated by script/build_codeowners.py
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
#
# Every time an issue is created with a label corresponding to an integration,
# the integration's code owner is automatically notified.

# Core Code
setup.py @esphome/core
esphome/*.py @esphome/core
esphome/core/* @esphome/core

# Integrations
esphome/components/ac_dimmer/* @glmnet
esphome/components/adc/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/api/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/async_tcp/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/bang_bang/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/binary_sensor/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/captive_portal/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/climate/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/climate_ir/* @glmnet
esphome/components/coolix/* @glmnet
esphome/components/cover/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/ct_clamp/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/debug/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/dfplayer/* @glmnet
esphome/components/dht/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/exposure_notifications/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/fastled_base/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/globals/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/gpio/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/homeassistant/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/i2c/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/integration/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/interval/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/json/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/ledc/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/light/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/logger/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/network/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/ota/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/output/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/pid/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/pn532/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/power_supply/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/restart/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/rf_bridge/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/rtttl/* @glmnet
esphome/components/script/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sensor/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/shutdown/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sim800l/* @glmnet
esphome/components/spi/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/substitutions/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sun/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/switch/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/tcl112/* @glmnet
esphome/components/time/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/tm1637/* @glmnet
esphome/components/tuya/binary_sensor/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tuya/climate/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tuya/sensor/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tuya/switch/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/uart/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/ultrasonic/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/version/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/web_server_base/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/whirlpool/* @glmnet
